hello welcome to behind the scenes of my
new Ke$ha music video the most important
part about becoming Ke$ha is well kind
of just looking like a hot mess
a bunch of crazy glitter makeup here
some stuff here is letter don't know
what I'm gonna do with this face yet but
anything about my makeup is pretty much
done and now I just have to do something
with my hair I had it pulled up so it
kinda got a little scrunchy a little
messy already so now all I have to do is
put some random product in that
because I just got done shooting my new
cash music video and I kind of forgot to
do all the behind the scenes stuff while
I was shooting so I'll just show you a
quick little setup of how I shot this
again a lot of people think that I have
a big studio that I shoot a lot of my
videos in and that's not the case I'm
shooting here in my little office show
you quick setup I'm already importing my
footage importing to there check this
card out my mom got that for me it's too
cute so this light is pretty much my
main light source that I was using I was
kind of lazy on the shoot and I was in a
hurry
so normally I would light the back or
the light the green screen so that it's
a little more evenly lit but since I'm
the one editing I guess I'm just gonna
have to deal with that um do you like
this hair it's pretty disgusting but
anyway um tripod had my camera up there
and I did light this one little section
because it was a little bit too dark
and so yeah it just had a little lamp
there mm-hmm
amazing yeah so that's pretty much it
over here we have my dressing room it
definitely looks like forever 21 just
threw up on my floor I bought a bunch of
hideous jewelry at forever 21 and a
bunch of wonderful cash of clothing it's
usually where I go when I need some sort
of outfit uh yeah look at this it's not
beautiful or what amazing so yeah if you
haven't seen the music video check it
out on my main youtube channel
youtube.com slash iJustine and hey just
remember kids you don't need to have the
best setup okay look at that that's some
blankets on the wall got this at IKEA
yeah hope you liked the video